an info last night ended up being denied
this morning we will talk about it today but
here is the proof that our news is
fresh from the day no preservatives
no dye everything is 100% natural
and propose directly from the producer to
consumer hello to all we are
Thursday, December 19, 2013 it's
the birthday of elsa and it's gone
for the freshman of the day let's go sso
a strange video circulates since yesterday
evening on the web we see a person
sitting behind the wheel of his car
readers instructions to his smartphone
in a completely natural language
applied even able to understand
when asked for a correction
in the text dictated the application
also proposes a route that
seems to be the usual way
the person we see in the video
last night the site android police ad
so it could be the demo
a voice assistant developed by
yahoo to counter Google and Syria in
early December effect at yahoo announced is
just bought skype strawberries
a specialist start- up in the
voice processing in natural language
but this morning stupor close to the
sphere would have finally indicated that this
support would not come at all
yahoo but would actually be developed
by a start-up called robin the aps
who is using this video to try
to sell its technology to big
groups like yahoo just with who
the start up would still be in
discussion
it's a shame because we really had
the impression that yahoo was
definitely back in the race
to innovation
but who knows maybe a redemption is
profile on the horizon business to follow
apb watch is one of the best
connected watch available today
on the market did not look like a
daft punk fanboy when you reach it
and its autonomy of one week does not impose
not recharge it every day like
this is the case for many of its
launched competitors there is pid ad on
kickstarter she still holds the
Unmatched Record of Largest Financing
made on the platform of
Crowdfunding is
now on sale in all
good creameries finally especially on the
manufacturer's website
against the sum of 150 dollars that's
much less than others if the
apps have put some time before
to arrive they are now here and
pebble just announced a good
new opening of a shop
of applications in a few weeks without
doubt for the csd today the
developers can submit
applications that will be presented
on the pebble awning it will also be
possible to publish watch v 6
in other words skins for the screen
home of the watch I remind you
that is watching watch is compatible with
all android smartphones 4.0 minimum
and ios the dynamics of the platform
windows phone does not stop last night
microsoft announced the launch of two
major xbox video and xbox applications
music on xbox video you can have
access to the content catalog
generally accessible from xbox
you can buy or rent movies
series and
watch streaming or download
to watch them offline convergence
requires you can start watching
a video on your xbox 360 xbox one
your pc your connected tv and
pause playback to resume
exactly in the same place on our
device that is so windows xbox
music accessible through a pass
proposes access to
millions of streaming titles or one
offline listening
you can now create among the
playlists on your home screen
and thanks to the synchronization in the
cloud
these will be accessible from a
other computer or your console and
finally always with the will of
remember that the windows store includes
more and more mobile apps
or microsoft office organizes in this
moment a little contest called apps
challenge how to play is very
simple just install
the application app this challenge of
microsoft and test apps that
have suggested to you as and when
your tests you can progress in the
challenge ranking and win as well
lots to do by microsoft good
idea the question of the day comes from
elsa who ask us how to do
to save the itunes library
of her pc she will change it for a
newer model but she does not want
especially not lose all the songs
that she then owns first elsa
who sent us this question feast
today his birthday then play
the birthdays elsa on behalf of all
the team and if by the way you can
leave a note for elsa in the
comments from the show I'm
really convinced that it would make him
a lot of pleasure
to answer your question alsace is
in fact very simple finally almost on
your hard drive you'll go get the
user record elsa music to
inside you will find the file
itunes you have to save the
folder in question and on a big
usb key or on an external hard drive
and when you will have a new pc
you will just have to copy this file to
same place on your new computer
and after installing itunes
obviously it's not the classiest
and the simplest of solutions but
it's the same method that's
suggested by the support teams of
apple so much use this one
would shit or it's over for
today we meet again tomorrow to
the fresh you're the weekend where we
let's announce a great news
if you like christmas come back tomorrow
you will not be disappointed hi to
all and have a good day